# TenderManagementSystem

The Tender management system is a project which is developed to enable the contractor to get all the tender details online and provide facility to submit the tender.This Tender Management project provides a system which will reduce the extra cost which involves for this entire process like advertising, document processing and getting confirmation results.By using this Tender Management application contractor can save a lot of time in making the documents online, sending and receiving documents using the postal system. 
As a part of it, tender data is recorded along with particulars of the products, their specifications and conditions.
we make this whole process of tendering online which is efficient and consumes very less time.

Software Requirements :<br />
1. Build Tool - Maven<br />
2. Java 1.8 <br />
3. Server - Tomcat <br />
4. Spring Tool Suite <br />
5. Back-End - MySql database <br />
6. Front-End - JSP(used for creating dynamic web pages), HTML, CSS and Bootstrap <br />

Modules :<br />
1. Admin<br />
2. Contractor<br />
3. User<br />

Role of Admin :<br />
1. Register a contractor by generating username and password for that particular contractor.<br />
2. View Tenders generated by all contractors.<br />
3. View confirmed bidding for all tenders.<br />

Role of Contractor :<br />
1. Generate tenders for users.<br />
2. View all the biddings applied by the users for particular tender.<br />
3. Confirm the bidding for particular tender by comparing the bidding price.<br />

Role of User :<br />
1. View all tenders available in portal.<br />
2. Bid a tender.<br />
3. View all his/her biddings.<br />
4. View biddings confirmed by the contractor.<br />

